.TH genl\-ctrl-list 8 "20 April 2012" "libnl"
.SH NAME
genl\-ctrl\-list \- List available kernel-side generic netlink families
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B genl\-ctrl\-list [-d]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Queries the generic netlink controller in kernel and prints a list of all
registered generic netlink families including the version of the interface
that has been registered.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\^h " or " \-\-help
Print help text to console and exit.
.TP
.BR \-\^v " or " \-\-version
Print versioning information to console and exit.
.TP
.BR \-\^d " or " \-\-details
Include additional detailed information for each generic netlink
family that is printed.

The information includes:
.RS
.IP \(bu
The size of the family specific netlink message header (hdrsize).
.IP \(bu
The maximum netlink attribute identifier allowed by the interface
(maxattr).
.IP \(bu
A list of registered generic netlink operations prefixed with op
including their name (if available), identifier and the flags
indicating the availability of a doit or dump function.
.IP \(bu
A list of registered multicast groups prefixed with grp including
their name (if available) and identifier.
.RE

.RS
Example:

0x0010 nlctrl version 2
.RS 0
    hdrsize 0 maxattr 7
.RS 0
      op GETFAMILY (0x03) <has-doit,has-dump,has-policy>
.RS 0
      grp notify (0x10)
.RE


.SH EXAMPLE
.RS 0
$ genl-ctrl-list 
.RS 0
0x0010 nlctrl version 2
.RS 0
0x0011 NLBL_MGMT version 3
.RS 0
0x0012 NLBL_CIPSOv4 version 3
.RS 0
0x0013 NLBL_UNLBL version 3
.RS 0
0x0014 acpi_event version 1
.RS 0
0x0015 thermal_event version 1
.RS 0
0x0016 VFS_DQUOT version 1
.RS 0
0x0017 TASKSTATS version 1
.RS 0
0x0018 NET_DM version 2

.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Thomas Graf is the original author and current maintainer of libnl and
libnl tools. Many people have contributed to it since.
